10/30/2023:
Today is October 30th, I started the chalange today. I decided to start of a little ambitious and atempt to recreate the printf formating function.
Im not sure how to make classes or modules or anything like that so the idea was to just take an input from the user and effect the imputed string
but that seemed to be harder said than done. I worked on the project for arround 30 miniutes today. Im getting stuck on figguring out how long the
formating section is. I found the % but Im having truble testing weather the next varuable is a width or a different part of the formating section
I tried using parseInt from the Intiger class but im getting an error. Might come back to this later tonight but if not see yall tomorrow for day 2.

10/31/2023
YOOO! Today is holoween but thats no reason to stop the grind. Today I implemented a for loop to get the width. Ive decided for the time being at
least until I can get it working I will require flag in the formating section. I learned how to use the charAt() function and it has greatly improved
my loops because I dont have to use a long substring statement anymore. I spent 42 minuites today on the project. I spent 20 minuites with really
dumb issues because I decided I wanted to try and get the input working. I still have an issue with the width, if there is no next index it throws an
error when I try to use charAt because it doesnt exist but I dont know how to check it without throwing an error. I know in Python there are try
exept statements so tomorrow Ill do some reserch into implementing one of those in some way. Maybe by using a simple if loop at the end of the while
loop, we shall see. HAPPY HOLOWEEN! See yall tomorrow for day 3!

11/2/2023
I spent arround 20 minuites looking for a bug today. Basicly two days ago I put an input in my loops so I could run through the width one character
at a time but I forgot about that and I tried testing the new precision checker I added and it kept asking for more input so I thought it was an issue
with my code. After I figgured that out I implemented precision check sucessfuly so I now have every aspect of the printf, tomorrow I will implement
the format features so it begins to format the input, I might have to force the input to be in parentheses so I can get the condition being formated
but I will make that decision tommorow. I might actualy come back later tonight depending how long my homework goes so eather see you later or tomorrow!